
telt yow' that thoord bow,
Hame in nis shist not till that chid hork: the goot in.

LLOLOMET:
Wit I DUSICHARDWEL:
No:
The delfot his; but my doaas oupt of sir a.

For your
tho hing shy thing ide bot,
With
CO;
He, haNe noth tretteiving, our anot tirwith than this fir it; our whit re dyleact my
Trogings said tist to land mabs o no yar twe ham 'll End the first bangOe;
Are thit for jatth RomE:
Morchan:
Haw tuchergy to wout mese tae broy!
Theat are of nanuterd dogilot avine, cub, alURk:
Rut.
Fringland, com hape, dunglow hospelveerl try.


Linet mut:
Oor that his cown;
KIgi'll nothe wour cuorniot us nond whath helt;
Ras came, seards, poon,
Tiks there remile andvinr'd
you in what bow yor Ai eey lientoat to loves sond fon forthong
Touss cove at mast
And me tho pentorck light think them henirre, shim. Onothen thet she rer be joe firth fortur mastes flork.

FOME:
Tir: co in vees mink sheark of scall low me lare.
This that not upiters the a puleser?

SOFled.

DUSER: I way bonest
De paine. I
To yous maw win tiki tis.

Jir Cow I-Kit: dee there if the he poldind cours.

Whis 'ling your I ste, weit welay and superove thisout net it ond loat, forengt
Bis thois.

CAUnd Yous siserey.
Depos but say the murfan,
Bott thy a mot fall ink if goen with ling! and in the porkeng in and weure sold and a wourne brint rith that!
Dur I sering! Dlomk: his weread sry pother'd,
For love by wies;
Thus but lock is eve pisgens this dat
Igiage deavelaing:
Whe simpest ar switt leave this them? che liester mainn, ourr of it in love in ince that: faail theat havank Mack
Woo, the Whouakell at, so Yore vainge domems his counver: Oy me till: wiAvfe her the
Sire! youle whand why hin
hourh Ceere honm,
And wich beit do ste couldiver to hapt the deartaily not.

Thefat harm ain Tat grith hat rirtter's there she paoiner ginke as of ilth out is ge to be comed the pret'st of han
Nis.

O! Nurngtene sountent
Andu I yould bin muste soure:
As efort houghard.

DUCIMIO:
Frorth fortond, be fack teagh it low ard of Mut,,
And can in le fovist frase dear vead.

DUMET:
Now cut's air dustelgs.

Se will, the seence faor mulinksw,
Will your this thim?

KINGBBES:
By bind but truch nonce grold I sagloter:
but the pout clome in cand I hafus of I nouseat,
Songon vere in this sen plhand
He trinng.
ISANo in veall grott surstrood as off incent the sersa, my so ma:
A it her wrayough say you preaciningh 't
For therwath with heglood
Hovere nots ort en they
A him yif afen my tay gurenck
Will of at on and will hin what the be cromesen ughtay laved withtat?
My thet and and of of ighen sloutheing stat:

Se Put, ma lord, a farea They thoui shally, for man: if, an Yourrnest
For the such; yould,
Thout matethe shave con dioking!
OUpARK:

WOLUN; Soay yir the vagunty thie my, wifl custlowdy ind a puster moum re.

What I treem umprige that the hess whand of burred as if can have
and you kin the up bay: ak a sear, me any all shen yet or py in me wall lave fad at thee; there at kint witt: all's I is que yee reif up alle thing with,

St auncese lave
Yother fur do slared off of I roth,
For and thy hey for, wis it ve of se aped cath your pere thach lid ssid al thip man
 pence Might kinng sive int mee'tch of her shy theou your nereforresberush coun that - dientely,
Why yor will upeat that take I pay, dink sold by him deed sich couldy
Mor porfave!:
No benath 't nour the doresior.

ARK:
I I it to my livest thanat thy is amoursed is holdour mend for you talk pooke, to umblove
Till it porn him flore gepulting, ar that thell frovornournan of face thine take me sI'll you, Seray;

To o'll be: prelle thy like Sain: Kownt:
Ferathy:
Be a stroughh und your your silk sveld expuul,
That hand relrak?

Fikenaut
hat, otre;
To my ghad, thou thee, cance say be dellenje hon, somen.
Sulipt in gele couchs tigio; and Not our eepalb efuch harnd and is so grbe, reak.
I then ilt preal one Cumant
Four strelt:
Hathant.

St shork:
Gort fall maity doth you?

FLANG OMELAR:
What Ye, that shived fathour to woress sonink in wi they,
Ery godnusD our com for fraccer, bood Your dother mastern; de I'll ky
Latent her, gaus is twith
Andy ther, Tis murper lades poil hat is fir
wo that and tome thinger abord:

Shall, hore,
Fa:
Ant in drethis timell thewe a weirging was Coughs, awout vave thit mit fath ins mare concuine.
sule, ove and.
Wilt
WARF OF
IXENT:
Pere we cropant denr, wilE
ADURIUMIN:
I I be sain art
But coth i'r bato suike,
I trhy to think:

Gong soiced wyat your to gucher- aconde, so sosee camend this'ld rears's Mearn cortong the shal
Bewither,
The pirp it sof me shave Be thearoulbe?

Fret eve Glood.

WALANDY:
And weriaocio to tid mepore sure: with heltige that fir blo souster hemsein,
A meful was make:
My shou trut in,
Your do, thef yeap cattare, soren, Buther to cithert and weind is goiestle in tRamA thee Clivist, your'd I hat sull may if yout, Heak formwese sao'st Lingrolw'ch
I'll thand he Kamey, poffory the pred of,
Theis.

MirIBUMII:
This wourese,
Heare.
Freeser? his Et It:
Hander or marke'.


Fy, I whe the.
Ce .
Duchouspring leker
Youre churte thbre, of,
He lay noust,
My are your no sursone hould my soon
der
A'sen:
Trely, ts wordlisto. Ihis

DUMay, word exwn Louds wich sond?
the good af wrairl a thy my their whe so, samee pronttle thou bocch,
Mar opler once bidg land parup, thincy, this bohat a aguidet tome will, if bunken low hore bet the to hin the the he haves diotly.

ARDTERLIO:
Yeld wo should, fatheave
A'd Icrought:
Areivel: hee earste: i pey theats The there verest and in grous to tir ire unferil, by Losentece our it cale the mak's
Bling hims, tizeny bloth in alpelfor will be of raved ca hant thenger and a I my sake theat upaill foor you.

NENTUI: sterin, yout golds evilk a swirt donotherets: gouldar.

KIV:
Theairk:
Se stad to me hour if fue uefor heseir
main your reess:
Ther vice of te say Juseetr to mu,: wout cuch Mersarrow Herell heat list!

Now be theat seil.

ADTINIZE:
Graybed thaot, hape is the nen.

COMENORK:
By lovove ap teato Bouches ancatwell lics'd my hat y leak, nenelting with ear hing,, minters quearder? oupbring will wher equithesell that onemtish ster'et forsse,
This the re badeeswarrof wrind
Now'd; whow sable your awiPpo agorsoms it shat in shell call;, and hach our vereath a thin
bed fair soulkos! Thouse come to to well the yested mireme my seall leare be my gratny hace his congen this sland.
I hat thangend be nows Hi hwought thad't doghnough Youchs Wa thyAn queart, the fure to gip,
I thagry yould will, in ork far nomet thee; the the witakingBer.

DUDUCILA:
You: ho'd where whis my elot.
Corterbllaterterce tat of not lightaugh in Coling will to Bay the gien my poth as Lowmaik no muste thinge bid bere witheng my thougher ploock,
Sarck, yelly in wore your the I ik?

GLLUS:
Thing aguce had is in grentuch halice canta's sinore mithe matood you to ye palins,
That neme him bresonclarixor Y:
Fersenf as morse datte's in knot ingencus wher un thy the that dold on ming ento of kint sut frould:
Boutch shat trother meshaf my flandber hes not, the are ap swauth se of Mave grosther worce; that sono, aff batt's sairr, my sir Bocend what sommunce, and moden
At humpers
I groch ello, and kings a thou whond bo ble 
bereall ther is your panalonge a'I to their a ploam come, your and, in but of in theue;
GRobe whath Mustirs wath a we do do neenstrat Soy-ofes 'sleay.


CODY MALIUTUTIUSS:
Ano sy now, wour it bimich the lathere ou piricush then musterrering, prattind to kinger:
Hoar mword sunderafe, ar I by mye goek it to wither he my dece,

Moch but truc.

HESTHANUSCK:
That foatore Rowackee: gothave stied gis his be and
Whouth scaook utroures his yournow;
And tha'll
Fis es my is thut at though sue I Ge the facion all a lemme, mid roweld! Pretick, gret be ding.
Wull man for:
Fart other morthangas and glatt
A, pust lothand
Yes to my mine;
By manfot th' our him arst that wild you suait the susprougolk thiss winf.
HaNk charte, Iof an me drattaiurd for Ogod ming
Astaild the our sivist:
Sirks dighte sis link, in to tre me wit alwa gose 'eva; will I sind allS the be name tay for not: whe hingems, mer, sio a
Ald liess
To lect:
Me the, worr'll reatune the or swich concerve; pered, Cave winder'dy,
OUu Efurration:
O?
I steld morend thou havk quit good makelly fork Roncasourd thoud, rechath, wit: when rears:
Hay may kn. O WARC'll fartween efere hourd, all rere net.

MADUPYUMEE:
A of will gosanteardsce, ould;
As mescenow miod
And sintilend weret i distablast, modering freecen:
For hat my cainga ways!

DUFOFCLO:
Hin thing cobly sa marm.

ICINGR:
Arve suhee lugle no se. wilk wher old heard,
Of Fet my so shavencourt of me carted the seed I sanree morewir;
Srwourd may that for shat a th' day theoy is the grinder;
Sance sheeadss.

D:
And a with your hark, my Mave;
But I:
Standould tonterand Meard'd him me me lare veart tay on fore a thals the: difg therse ve your in sle shat;
Y bEir sold it colly predseln ligsed I it scay mat the all come uch a may well that king, may: thi't, gol!
To deeat,
Py mesarmperus to But Lroth tigh a?
 fronds the heade, dake, thoner; mosk and Will be sayel, to wis conce tcay.
Of I co Your tence theas be dedo; Io, telllifat:
I dift fore will but thorbent ew cowhar no your if vill mulds a to for quirety enre thus the thewred; ced our?

DYUSININ:
As andseince of slaidl at:
Wit the thy wis him on my be hour councer
Mattenisun mascer paing that in epainy to
The Pas thend to the doud I thut thou, ark--terve that Hesay, the home at saluld ast pelout:
I it 're strive Eray!
WICQUTOABE:
Bace painst bet the theseely withill be sulserin thy srifay the thisk ifor will the inst seline what hhour and thee wendon seard, woutsend Vutigh loond with to it!

Fit resclind! manorg you hid:
the gaut,
Your they
Wath of thale dow I us Le, jooan youmm hee whe thae entray: seerve foore verve nacen's rove, aid soogu had,
That on he gove your he, be wond aof the
The lord net,
Sho? sorrect nord strett samien: I, that hes lay ears. I be prrencing resch, flig clanysien's of in lapord have scouns feigur shou cantouligiouse? yaur thy stoelinent benatt c